Add In-App Messaging Getting Started (Developer Preview) (#3803)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/lib/in-app-messaging/js/sync-messages.mdx

> The first step to getting in-app messages in front of your app’s active users is to make sure all available In-App Messaging campaign messages are synced to their device, which would be triggered when an analytics or In-App Messaging event is triggered. Amplify In-App Messaging empowers you with the control of when and how often you perform this sync.

Reviewer: Run-on sentence! Suggested:

To trigger messages, you must sync them from your In-App Messaging campaigns to your active user's devices. These messages are then triggered with an analytics or In-App Messaging event. You can control when and how often this sync is performed

```js
await InAppMessaging.syncMessages();
```

<Callout informational>
  NOTE: Syncing messages will always overwrite existing messages currently on

>   their device so they are always up to date when the sync is performed.

Reviewer: NOTE: Syncing messages will always overwrite existing messages currently on
a user's device so they are always up to date when the sync is performed.

>   their device so they are always up to date when the sync is performed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a user's device so they are always up to date when the sync is performed.
```

Author: ```suggestion
  the user's device so they are always up to date when the sync is performed.
```
